Why do 99% of businesses fail to
generate sales, views, and leads on
YouTube? Well, after working with over
700 businesses, I discovered that it's
usually down to just four very simple
things. So, stick with me for just 5
minutes and I'm going to show you what
they are and how to fix them. And by the
end, you're going to have clarity on
exactly where to focus next to get
better results. Okay. So, why do 99% of
businesses fail on YouTube? Well, what
you want to do is think of generating
sales and views like a chain and there
are four links on it. And then if one of
these links breaks, the whole chain
falls apart and you won't get any
results. Now, sadly, most businesses
fail because one or all of their links
are broken. So now I'm going to show you
what each link represents and how to fix
it. So this first link is all about
understanding your dream buyer. So let
me show you how powerful this is. So a
business came to me and they were
getting thousands of views per video,
but they were about to quit because the
views weren't turning into income and it
meant it wasn't really sustainable. So,
I gave them a system that made them ask
two really important questions. The
first was who was their perfect buyer?
The second was what problems did those
perfect buyers actually want solving?
And that's when they realized they'd
built their whole channel and business
around viewers who were never going to
become buyers. But once they got clarity
on the type of person that would and
understood what they truly cared about
the most, they went from struggling to
sell a $78 a month offer to selling
almost the same thing for $9,000. And
they hit $37,000 a few months later as a
result. So, if you don't know exactly
who your perfect buyer is and what they
care about, stop making videos and focus
on this because if you're getting it
wrong, your first link's broken and
nothing else you do will ever work. Then
you move on to the next link in our
chain, which is making videos that drive
people back to your sales page. The
thing is, most businesses get this bit
totally wrong because they are always
asking themselves, "How do I get more
viewers?" But that is the wrong question
to ask because viewers don't buy.
viewers leave random comments like,
"This guy looks like a farmer." So
instead, what you want to do is make
videos that are only designed to attract
your ideal buyers, the ones you
established in link one. When you do
that, your dream buyers discover your
channel and they go, "Wow, every video
is designed to help me solve the problem
I really care about the most." So, they
binge and then they start to see you as
the expert on the topic. The thing is,
so many businesses panic when I tell
them to do this and they say, "Ed, won't
my views drop off a cliff if I target
one person?" And my first answer is,
well, would you rather a business that
makes money and gets less views or a
channel that gets views but makes no
money. But secondly, becoming known for
solving a problem, it doesn't mean less
views. So that client that almost quit,
these are his monthly view numbers after
he made those big changes. And you can
see right here, they took a bit of a
dip, right? But actually, that's only
because he stopped posting videos to
work on the first two links in his
chain. But look here, when he went back
to making videos, the views picked up
again, but this time with more of his
perfect buyers. And this is how you get
to $100,000 a month. Which brings us
onto the next link in the chain, which
is your sales page for your product or
your service. Here, all you have to do
is make sure it says you solved the
problems your dream buyers care about
that you have established already in
link one. So, let's use my sales page as
an example. So, my dream buyer is
business owners looking to generate
sales and views from YouTube. That's
their problem they want solving. So,
this is the headline on my page that
teases that big result they want. Then,
we have a quick testimonial that teases
that result again. Then, we have another
headline that teases that same result
they want again. So, if you kept
scrolling down, you're going to see I
don't promise editing. I don't promise
writing. I don't promise stuff about
presenting, even though it's really
important. I just promise getting them
more views, sales, and leads because
that is the thing they care about the
most. So, if your page doesn't do this,
why would anyone buy anything from you?
And now the fourth link in the chain,
this is all about measurement, and it is
something most businesses completely
ignore. But here's why it is so critical
where you do it every single month. So,
the channel I told you about that almost
quit for the first 12 weeks of
implementing all of these things, they
didn't make any sales. But every month
they measured how many people visited
their page, how many booked a call, and
how many of those calls converted. And
then these numbers then revealed the
areas that performed the worst in their
chain. And that meant they could then
focus on fixing the problem areas. And
it worked. And if you want to see how
more businesses are using this system so
they can go from struggling to $30,000
moms, check out this video next. And I
hope you realize how this game actually
works. Was a baby making a ruckus?